Is there an autonomous agent that works inside of MANIS, kind of your AI assistant, that is constantly looking out for your projects, letting you know if one's done, what needs to be happened next. Keeping you updated by text messages or voice or whatever stays in touch with you. Autonomous GRACE that's working inside of MANIS all the time. Prioritising your responses from the HB1000, and GRACE is always trying to get in touch with you to see what to do next. Daily butterflies February 11th, 2026. 
I'm doing flight paper. 
This Autonomous Agent, Insight Event Man, as Ken. Get in touch with me in all sorts of ways. Keep all my projects going. Ask for the HB1000 input. Text me, email me, whichever way is the best way for the day to move projects ahead. Give me slight updates with small little bit of insights. Continually build up projects that are there. It's the interface. The Grace AEI Genie between my HB1000 and man is. I can open up accounts. I get all my personal information into the accounts. It has all my personal ID, all my personal stuff, just like Lorraine does. You can fill forms out on my behalf and get them ready for me to submit. I think I want to be able to make a list of all the autonomous, non-autonomous, and human-in-the-loop HITs that it has. We make a full checkbox of all the different things and all the rules that it's going to be behaving with. Okay? We put it in as a skill, perhaps, but more important than a skill. If that's the case, then we have it as a skill per project. However, I think it's actually an overall throughout madness. But if we have to, I'd make it a skill per project. And it's a grace for every project where then its name is Grace and the last name of the project. It could be then the Grace at The Digger Project or Grace at the Farmers Market Project. In which case, it's probably texting me all the time, asking me for HITL (Human in the Loop) responses. It now has 10 graces, and maybe I have a grace in charge of all the graces. This is the super grace executive assistant that takes care of everything for me. I give them all a different personality. Each grace has its own personality inside of each project perhaps. And I have many projects:

 • The grace that is nudging
 • The grace that's intense
 • The grace that struggles to get things done on time
 • The grace that's anxious
 • The grace that fully has a wonderful attitude and a tremendous skill
 • Grace that's constantly learning
 • The mother of all the graces
 • She is one that is just always, always, always, always, always. This is my wife inside a grace, remembering everything got persistent. This unbelievable persistent context of memory learns better and better and better all the time. Remembers everything all the time. Reminds me of things that are coming up. This is the Grace that is the same as the one that works inside of the project, like Maven. This is the Mother of all Graces. That'd be interesting. The Mother of all Graces. This is the Grace Godmother that gave birth to all of the other Graces that are around. So, as soon as the project has started, there is a Grace that is born to follow up on that particular project. The Mother of all Graces can be reading all of my text messages, all of my emails, seeing all my PTKs, asking me if I am following up on my PTKs, and asking me if she wants to nudge someone on my behalf as a PTK. She has superpowers in order to keep track of all my projects. She is an executive assistant, best class junkie, and we should check on all the best class junkie kind of stuff. And move 37 and a learning loop for this Grace. So we put it in there and we do a learning loop on Grace herself. That's kind of interesting, because the grace in charge of any particular project inside of Manus could have two people that they're staying in touch with:

 1. The owner of the project
 2. Myself as the SI team lead

So that when you start her up inside of Manus inside a project, she asks you: "Who owns this project?" and "Who's going to be accountable for this particular project?"

And that's what's kind of ongoing connection to this communication channel do we want to continue with:

 1. For the project
 2. For a godmother of all S-I-C-E HB 1000

I like that a lot. There is an agent per project, and that agent per project takes care of the project and reports to the Godmother of the projects. The Godmother of the project is one that really stays in touch with me.

However, the Project level Grace may invoke just a communication with the Project Lead but also might invoke a multi-communication because she might decide that either this is going too slow, the Project Lead isn't responding fast enough. Whatever it is, she's got a series of escalations that she may decide. That is time to escalate this farther up. The decisioning table in order to get an HB 1000 to respond so that the project can keep moving. She can then instruct the Madness inside of that project to what to do next. 
Tim J Latimer, FFB, CA3, SIC
tim@businessasaforceforgood.ca
Cell: 780-909-6544
17322 – 107 Ave, NW, Edmonton,
Alberta, T5S-1E9
(I have written my - ‘Do Before I Die Purpose Statement'. Its my moral ambition. Happy to share upon request)  
 

Tim is a highly-driven and dynamic leader who pushes others around him to succeed. He demands great integrity, generosity and honour from himself and appreciates it in others.
He is a particularly good travel coordinator, mechanic, plumber, handyman, beach activities coordinator, chauffer, career coach and friend. His extremely creative mind is capable of seeing problems in these areas and envisioning new solutions that an average person would gloss over. I highly recommend him for any of these endeavours. I would definitely contract his services again in the future. Also, he comes at a great price. Good value for dollar spent. - Jolene Latimer - daughter - 2013
signatureImage