Because we have all the application information from Mars, we can offer to help fill it out a credit report someplace else or a credit application someplace else, and ask if they want us to fill in the information for them. Even if we don't do business with them, we'll know their birthday and a whole bunch of details about them so we can start building a relationship and be in their external brain. This chatbot becomes the Trojan horse in their life and gets to learn everything about them, coaching them back when their credit rating is good enough or when there's an opportunity to come back to Maven or Cashco to do business. Client should be, or potential future clients should be able to be your friend right from the very beginning. Where you're building a friendship with them and you're trying to get to know everything about them and their family, their parents and so forth. And their situation. I would think that you're surprising and delighting them. If you have built the relationship, they'll start referring to you and come back to you for help in all sorts of situations. When we make the application, we should have in there that we've got the right to maintain this relationship if we want the right to read their emails, the right to read their chat messages, or any other social media that we need to to help them through this difficult situation. 

So you should be able to have deep, rich, situational kinds of conversations because you know everything about them and what they need the money for. And what their situation is. You might be able to offer other help besides getting a loan, and you travel around with them. This is at no cost to them.

And you become a rich relationship management person even if they don't owe you any money. With these kinds of as a baseline for you to think about it, I want to see if you can find a whole bunch of improvements and learning loops on this idea of being their best friend as quickly as possible and their financial guardian. The relationship building is completely a free service that we provide to the left out, left behind. We can need anybody that's making even an attempt for us. It's obviously in our category. However, after if they need our services and come back to us, that's when we start charging for things. For example, we might suggest to them that they join the Maven Village, and that that might help them out. Then we're going to charge for the Maven Village. Or we might come back to them and say, "It looks like you might qualify for a loan or a smaller loan amount at this time."This service is about advocating for us first, but if there's not us and we can't help them, we're going to advocate for somebody else in the best interest of the client. Because the app is following their life on an ongoing basis, it might make suggestions like "If you make a tax return or if you get money in on this payment, we can help you out." It could even suggest "Let's get you a tax return done and send you off to any number of services." So it's always seen for an opportunity to send you back to the Cashco Maven Pond Princess environment to see if they can help you out. I really like the "not yet" thing. It turns out that that can be a coach, a father, a mother, or an "if you do this, then we could help" kind of a coach, or maybe even just a listening role for them. It's not "never," it's just "not yet." I can be this helpful coach that says, "If you do this, I think I can get you there or at least get you something to get you started." I think the idea is also that we're practicing the law of reciprocity, giving without the expectation of return. .. Ok, I call your ideas so you don't need to lose any of the ideas. These are adding to it or putting them through learning loops. Using these ideas, please run your last report out with the upgrades. 