From: Danielle K <dkahnapace@cashcofinancial.com>
Sent: Monday, January 26, 2026 4:44 PM
To: Jessie Moores <jmoores@cashcofinancial.com>
Subject: Re: A Survey for Our Frontline Relationship Experts

 

1.The Unforgettable Client Story: Think about a client you’ll never forget. What made that relationship so special or memorable? Can you share a brief story?

 

Its always difficult to narrow down one clients importance or remembrance from the next, as each of my clients is unique and just as important as the next. But I will say one thins- My branch is located in the most poverty stricken neighborhood of the city- And my clients who live on the streets, payback the best. Loan history is not an issue because they need this and they honour or appreciate the fact that we were there when they needed the product. 

 

2.The Toughest Conversation: When a client calls in distress because they can't make a payment, what are the first words you say, and what is your primary goal in that conversation (beyond collecting the payment)?

 

Lets see how I can help! 

 

3.Beyond the Loan: What are the most common topics you talk about with clients that have nothing to do with their loan or finances? (e.g., family, hobbies, work, their community).

Weather, politics, new tv shows on netflix, fincnial changes in the country ( aka nsf fees dropping to $10)

 

I know almost all my clients on a first name basis because quite frankly they deserve that respect because they keep the machine running. Plus service and human kindness might be my super power. 

 

4.Celebrating the Wins: How do you celebrate a client's success, whether it’s paying off their loan or just making a few on-time payments in a row? What does that sound like?

 

Im always so happy when a client can pay off a flex because this means their financial health is improving and it means keeping more of their hard earned money in their pocket for other things goals dreams etc. When I see a Payday loan client and then I don't see them for 2 or 3 months- same thing- I know they're doing better in life. 

 

5.Your Secret Weapon: What is one small, simple thing you do that seems to have the biggest positive impact on how a client feels? (e.g., remembering a pet’s name, asking about a recent trip).

 

I treat everyone important. I treat them like they are the reason I have a pay cheque and I can get the things I need to survive. 

 

6.The First Five Minutes: When you talk to a new client for the first time, what is the most important thing you do to build a connection and earn their trust right away? I introduce myself, I introduce products and I assess their need. What are you looking for today. As Im inputting employment history I ask what they do how they like it. ETC Just that human interaction that cannot be beat 

 

7.The "Not Yet" Moment: If you have to tell someone they aren't approved for a loan, how do you handle that conversation to ensure they still feel respected and hopeful, not rejected?  

 

I am honest. The health of the banking isnt as good as it can be right now. Please reach back out when you've recovered and we will be happy to see if you're eligible for our products again. I also ask if there's anything I can help them with 

 

8.The Community Connector: Have you ever suggested a non-financial resource to a client (e.g., a community event, a local charity, a job fair)? What was the situation? 

 

Of course! I know a thing or two about what SASK has to offer for government benefits or non profit organizations that can help with hardships or relief be it shelters, rent supplements, anything the CRA may have new that they implemented. I am always trying to help, because everyone needs it. 

 

9.The Power of Remembering: What are 2-3 types of personal details you try to remember about your long-term clients? How do you use that information to strengthen the relationship? 

 

As mentioned, I know everyone's name. Everything falls into place from there. If they told me a story from the last visit. I make sure to ask them how it went! EX: My sons bday so and so- Hi how was the party how did your boy enjoy it? Things like this come natural to me. I naturally care about people. 

 

10.If You Had a Superpower...: Imagine you had a perfect digital assistant (our Maven + Cashco Guardian!) that could help you care for your clients. What are three things you would have it do for them every day or every week to make their lives better?

 Maybe up to date transaction amounts due; We have many clients who reach out a week before due date or 3 days before and wanting the total due to close out a loan. 

 