The 10 Questions
1.The Unforgettable Client Story: Think about a client you’ll never forget. What made that relationship so special or memorable? Can you share a brief story?
As a Branch Manager in FSJ, I had a husband and wife with two children lending with us. They each had a PDL, and they had a title loan on their only vehicle. The wife had disabilities that impacted her ability to increase her share of the household income. The husband had a job that relied on his ability to transport back and forth. They had some health issues arise in the home, and they fell behind on all their payments. I had a very connected relationship with them, and I knew the best thing for them to do was to surrender the truck. I then would have less fees to account for, I could clean it up myself, sell it for the most possible, pay out the title loan debt and encourage them to apply the rest to the PDL debt. They trusted me and my plan; the husband came into the branch in devastated tears, with his young daughter in tow. She sat in the waiting room, crying. She was old enough to understand this meant walking in the north cold, taking buses, the stress it would have on her parents. He was crying but just kept saying he trusted me. I choked back tears as he signed the paperwork and handed over the keys. I went home and cried. I cannot imagine what that would have been like for him to have to do, in front of his daughter. I will never, ever, forget this family or what we achieved together by hitting this ‘rock bottom’. I did good on my promise. My son and I on our own time ‘spit shined’ that truck, and I sold it for the most I possibly could. I paid out their Title Loan debt, and they followed through with the plan to put the rest on their PDLs. I made a payment plan for the rest based on the wife’s disability income (so I could give them manageable payments that they could keep up with), and then I connected his wife to a small business owner that I knew and she was actually hired for a role that she could manage that supplemented her disability income. With that, they doubled their agreed payments and paid out all debt to us. I have the husband on FB so I check in now and then on them, even 12 years later now! And they seem to be doing so well. I’ll never forget this little family, and what it meant to be able to offer trust and support for them through such a trying time.
 
2.The Toughest Conversation: When a client calls in distress because they can't make a payment, what are the first words you say, and what is your primary goal in that conversation (beyond collecting the payment)?
My goal is always to instill trust and hope. I will say things like, ‘I cannot imagine how you are feeling right now’,’ in this moment, you are not alone’,’ we will work with you through this’, ‘we understand that life happens.’
 
3.Beyond the Loan: What are the most common topics you talk about with clients that have nothing to do with their loan or finances? (e.g., family, hobbies, work, their community). 
Family, everyday life, and things they’re succeeding in! I wonder sometimes if clients might feel like they need to balance their perceived failure by needing a PDL with what they are successful at in their lives! We recognize that our clients do this, and we discuss regularly how important it is, just personal, human to human, level of acceptance that we celebrate with them, even the smallest of wins. If they feel it’s important enough to tell us, then it’s important enough for us to celebrate it with them! Period.
 
4.Celebrating the Wins: How do you celebrate a client's success, whether it’s paying off their loan or just making a few on-time payments in a row? What does that sound like?
The expectation is there that they will repay the loan. To be honest we don’t really celebrate per say the expected repayment; we thank them for it, absolutely, for being on time. And I guess then the celebration is the relend really! We will for sure acknowledge the adherence to late repayment plan though, as that is usually tied with a hardship, but we hold a standard expectation when it comes to the loan itself. I find where we celebrate the most, is in the connections. The stories, the wins the clients want to share with us, we listen! We acknowledge them with connection, whether that be a phone call, an email, or just spending a few extra minutes listening to what they need to talk about.
 
5.Your Secret Weapon: What is one small, simple thing you do that seems to have the biggest positive impact on how a client feels? (e.g., remembering a pet’s name, asking about a recent trip).
We remember clients’ names and some personal things about them, we greet them no matter what, we listen with intent, we celebrate their wins, we are excited about their excitement in their lives, we simply connect with them as people.
 
6.The First Five Minutes: When you talk to a new client for the first time, what is the most important thing you do to build a connection and earn their trust right away?
Listen with intent and then ask them questions. What is it that Ray used to say, people won’t care what you know, until they know that you care. I feel strongly that it’s the quickest way to build rapport with a client. Listen with intent and then ask questions. Let them talk. Let them know you’re connecting with them and are there to offer them a solution to the need that they must fulfill.
 
7.The "Not Yet" Moment: If you have to tell someone they aren't approved for a loan, how do you handle that conversation to ensure they still feel respected and hopeful, not rejected?
We put the ball back in their court. Typically, there is a reason we cannot help them today, and more times than not it is something they might have control over. People want to be in control of their own fate. Too many NSFs are causing the decline? Let’s talk about how we can encourage them to clean it up a bit. Resources or advice we can offer. We speak to them empathetically; ensure they understand that we are on their side and want to help them get their application to a space that it can be approved. ‘Venue Financial never says no!’. it does not mean we give everyone a loan, it means we have conversations around how we can help the client improve their application and try again, they are in charge of the quality of their application.
 
8.The Community Connector: Have you ever suggested a non-financial resource to a client (e.g., a community event, a local charity, a job fair)? What was the situation?
Yes, as I said in the first question, I on many occasions have connected people with potential employers, a lot of which were successful in gaining employment. In my years in this industry, I have seen more value in connecting people to the communities around them than I ever thought I would. Resources for food banks, shelters, winter shelters, counseling, job counseling, Mom and Tot groups, seniors to programs that offer income taxes or bankruptcy support. When you listen to your customers, you can see clearly what they need, a lot of the time it is more than just some cash in their pocket.
Teach a man to fish.
 
9.The Power of Remembering: What are 2-3 types of personal details you try to remember about your long-term clients? How do you use that information to strengthen the relationship?
Clients VIPs I find are family, pets, and things they’re succeeding in or excited about. So we try to remember key things in these areas, I shouldn’t even say try, if you’re listening with intent, it should be natural. Then when the client returns to us, or we are in need of a connecting moment, we tap into this knowledge, and ask questions related to these areas. It helps the client connect with us, feel important, seen and valued.
 
10.If You Had a Superpower...: Imagine you had a perfect digital assistant (our Maven + Cashco Guardian!) that could help you care for your clients. What are three things you would have it do for them every day or every week to make their lives better?
Financial Support Awareness:
Have a budgeting format, encourage weekly and monthly budgeting
Evaluating/determining needs vs wants after reviewing spending habits in their bank account
Budgeting suggestions, plans, support and resources
Reminders for payments coming up, balances/tracking of larger debts
Credit Score checking, tips and suggestions on how to improve
 
Household Support:
Connections to local deals, coupons, sales, case lot sales etc
Weekly meal planning format inc:
Budgeting
Meal ideas on a budget
Shopping list
Tips on how to grocery shop on a budget
Celebrate hitting deals, utilizing coupons
Appointment Scheduling
Daily to do task lists
 
Support for your Future (North Star)
Goals set for personal and financial growth
Set up your goals and track progress
Celebrate progress milestones
Suggest ways to reward progress milestones that align with the North Star (ie I wouldn’t reward a 10 lb weight loss with Pizza)




Katreena Morris
Operations Manager
Venue Financial Centres