Okay, there's some brilliant answers below highlighted in yellow from Michelle. If you put your answers in, pick a different colour and highlight it. I think we're going to try logging this all into one and throwing it into AI.

This is just brilliant stuff though, and stuff you wouldn't know unless you knew the front lines. I've included David Chen, so maybe him and his staff can do the same thing. Pick a colour, highlight it, and put your best answer in. Maybe we'll even ask AI to judge you gals and guys. Think of it as a competition 
Thanks
Tim


Tim J Latimer, FFB, CA3, SIC

tim@businessasaforceforgood.ca

Cell: 780-909-6544

17322 – 107 Ave, NW, Edmonton,

Alberta, T5S-1E9

(I have written my - ‘Do Before I Die Purpose Statement'. Its my moral ambition. Happy to share upon request)  

 


Tim is a highly-driven and dynamic leader who pushes others around him to succeed. He demands great integrity, generosity and honour from himself and appreciates it in others.
He is a particularly good travel coordinator, mechanic, plumber, handyman, beach activities coordinator, chauffer, career coach and friend. His extremely creative mind is capable of seeing problems in these areas and envisioning new solutions that an average person would gloss over. I highly recommend him for any of these endeavours. I would definitely contract his services again in the future. Also, he comes at a great price. Good value for dollar spent. - Jolene Latimer - daughter - 2013

signatureImage
From: Michelle Craig <mcraig@cashcofinancial.com>
Sent: Thursday, January 22, 2026 9:59 AM
To: Tim Latimer <tim@businessasaforceforgood.ca>
Subject: Re: Friendship Bot
 
The 10 Questions
1.The Unforgettable Client Story: Think about a client you’ll never forget. What made that relationship so special or memorable?Can you share a brief story? I had an elderly client, who used to come in for payday loans.  When she first started coming in, she would always talk about how fast the money was gone , either from spending it at bingo or helping her kids/grandkids. I started encouraging her to have us issue the loan as part cash and part cheque.  That way she could tuck the cheque away for when she needed it later in the month.  For as long as I was there, she always had her loans funded this way and she always talked about how helpful that was to know she had that little bit tucked away.  It felt great to have provided a way to help and give a bit of a sense of relief to her.   

2.The Toughest Conversation: When a client calls in distress because they can't make a payment, what are the first words you say, and what is your primary goal in that conversation (beyond collecting the payment)? I can't imagine how stressful that is/was.  I would then reference any resources I was aware of - IE - have you heard about XXXXX  or, did you know that there is an XXX available to help with that. 

3.Beyond the Loan: What are the most common topics you talk about with clients that have nothing to do with their loan or finances? (e.g., family, hobbies, work, their community). For me this was 80% family, 10% work - particularly when it was unusual or challenging work, and 10% other -hobbies, community, interests, sports. 

4.Celebrating the Wins: How do you celebrate a client's success, whether it’s paying off their loan or just making a few on-time payments in a row? What does that sound like?  - Sending a Thank You card or a congratulatory phone call. 

5.Your Secret Weapon: What is one small, simple thing you do that seems to have the biggest positive impact on how a client feels? (e.g., remembering a pet’s name, asking about a recent trip).  I always tried to focus on remembering one thing that was important to the client - a sport they played or their kids played, spouse name, a special interest they had, a cultural reference and they always seemed surprised and more open when I would refer to it in conversations. 

6.The First Five Minutes: When you talk to a new client for the first time, what is the most important thing you do to build a connection and earn their trust right away? Same as above. 

7.The "Not Yet" Moment: If you have to tell someone they aren't approved for a loan, how do you handle that conversation to ensure they still feel respected and hopeful, not rejected?  This is really about a choice of words and tone AND about helping them uncover other options - maybe options they didn't know about or hadn't thought of.  I also would make sure that it wasn't a "never" - it was a "not today". 

8.The Community Connector: Have you ever suggested a non-financial resource to a client (e.g., a community event, a local charity, a job fair)? What was the situation? This was an every day event when I was in branch.  In Wetaskiwin, I often referenced Rock Soup - a local food bank type operation where you could access resources/food in a non judgemental way.  The food bank was structured like a grocery store - show up, no ID necessary, no proof of need, just go through the shelves and choose what you needed/wanted and put them in your basket like any other shopper.  They also were very strong on the ability to provide cultural resources to the Indigenous population, and had immense knowledge in other resources to help.

9.The Power of Remembering: What are 2-3 types of personal details you try to remember about your long-term clients? How do you use that information to strengthen the relationship? Family (what grade is your son in now?) , interests (how did your son's hockey team do at the tournament in Calgary) , jobs, life milestones (how is that new granddaughter of yours?) 

10.If You Had a Superpower...: Imagine you had a perfect digital assistant (our Maven + Cashco Guardian!) that could help you care for your clients. What are three things you would have it do for them every day or every week to make their lives better? 1. Prompt them for a meal plan for the week so it could search out the best prices, where to shop for groceries for those meals, or prompt them to take a picture of their pantry/fridge so the AI assistant can recommend meals based on what they have available already.  2. Provide a recap of the prior week spending to improve awareness  and include Congratulatory messaging (Great job for taking care of your power and gas bills last week, or Nice job keeping your bank balance above $50.00 all week) 3. Prompt them with special offers that could save them money this week (It looks like you will be doing grocery shopping this week - did you know that Tuesday is 10% off at Safeway? Or Heads up - it's 20X the points event at Shoppers this week, and Diapers are on sale - you could earn $12.00 in credit AND save money at the same time!) 





​​​​
MICHELLE CRAIG
 
INTERNAL COMPLIANCE AUDITOR
(780)983-5975 / (780) 424-1080 Ext 327
 | 
mcraig@cashcofinancial.com
 
#200, 4803 87 St. NW Edmonton, Alberta T6E 0V3

 
	
 
	
 
	
 
	
 



From: Tim Latimer <tim@businessasaforceforgood.ca>
Sent: Wednesday, January 21, 2026 11:06 PM
To: Jessie Moores <jmoores@cashcofinancial.com>; Samantha Meunier <smeunier@cashcofinancial.com>; Michelle Craig <mcraig@cashcofinancial.com>; Ateel Kumar <akumar@cashcofinancial.com>; Katreena Morris <kmorris@venuefinancial.com>
Cc: Clay’s brilliant developer info@beyond-livin.com Lucas <info@beyond-livin.com>
Subject: Friendship Bot
 
All 
I see an idea that I've been working on tonight about adding a AI agent/bot to every loan that's issued, or even an application that's made, that becomes their best friend. 
I wonder if everyone could take the time to answer the questions in this innovation that I'm working through. 
Jessie, I'm wondering also if you can pick ten of your best frontline high relationship high empathy kind of people and ask them to answer the questions. We'll use their answers. Also, if you can get them to answer. 
Thanks
Tim