
​
Tim Latimer​
Is this sort of sad Tim?

just how impactful credit is in todays society? Everyone understands the importance but majority dont meet "the big" guys standards and then all of a sudden, no one cares to see them. Especially not the government.

The system is unforgiveable really. I've dreamt of a world where credit was trust based. Some would say just like the good ol days. But society has set these standards; that we must be well to do well and to me that simply not the case for some. Someone said to me the other day "you can be dead without dying" and that really put a lot of things into perspective for me! You can be rich with no money!!  which sadly in this case and this system, is not true!

I get the education piece around it but the richness is in trust. And that's exactly how I see Maven. We dont judge, we trust and with trust, we flourish! 

Sorry for the tangent haha this is just my passion, why im here. I like to see things differently and find solutions! Big Momma passion if you may! Feeling like a rebel!

Samantha M


From: Tim Latimer <tim@businessasaforceforgood.ca>
Sent: Tuesday, January 27, 2026 2:20 PM
To: Samantha Meunier <smeunier@cashcofinancial.com>; Jessie Moores <jmoores@cashcofinancial.com>; Michelle Craig <mcraig@cashcofinancial.com>; Ateel Kumar <akumar@cashcofinancial.com>; Vasilis Vasilakakos <spartagenix@gmail.com>
Subject: Fw: [TELUS Mobility] Timothy, how does an unpaid TELUS bill affect your credit score?
 
Look at these interesting pointers below that tell us is sending about me being past due on the bill, and that the impact it might have on not just my credit rating, but a whole bunch of other abilities to live in a modern society. 

Tim J Latimer, FFB, CA3 

tim@businessasaforceforgood.ca

Cell: 780-909-6544

17322 – 107 Ave, NW, Edmonton,

Alberta, T5S-1E9

(I have written my - Do Before I Die 'Purpose Statement'. Its my moral ambition. Happy to share upon request)  
 

image001.png

 ,

Tim is a highly-driven and dynamic leader who pushes others around him to succeed. He demands great integrity, generosity and honour from himself and appreciates it in others.
He is a particularly good travel coordinator, mechanic, plumber, handyman, beach activities coordinator, chauffer, career coach and friend. His extremely creative mind is capable of seeing problems in these areas and envisioning new solutions that an average person would gloss over. I highly recommend him for any of these endeavours. I would definitely contract his services again in the future. Also, he comes at a great price. Good value for dollar spent. - Jolene Latimer - daughter - 2013

 

 

 

 



From: TELUS Team <paymybill@telus.com>
Sent: Tuesday, January 27, 2026 1:37 PM
To: Tim Latimer <tim@businessasaforceforgood.ca>
Subject: [TELUS Mobility] Timothy, how does an unpaid TELUS bill affect your credit score?

[WARNING EXTERNAL SENDER]

logo
Timothy

******276

Total Balance: $572.16

Overdue Balance: $572.16

Why is your credit score important?

Purple flower
Hi Timothy,

Here’s how your unpaid TELUS bill may affect you;

1. Affects where you live - Landlords now frequently run credit checks.

2. Affects your career - Employers can use credit checks when screening applicants.

3. Prevents you from getting a mortgage or car loan.

4. Increases the cost of your car insurance - A part of your insurance premium is calculated via a "credit-based insurance score".

Restore service now
We think it’s important to remind you that your account is scheduled for cancellation on February 10, 2026. If you would like to download a calendar reminder to your device two days before cancellation, click on the link below.

Pay by February 08
(Adds a reminder to your calendar)
white calendar
Pay by February 08
(Adds a reminder to your calendar)
If you have already paid the overdue balance, thank you and please disregard this message.

Sincerely,
The TELUS team

Please do not reply to this email, as this mailbox is unmonitored.

Please note, late payments are reported to the credit bureau.

privacy | contact us | find a store | telus.com

white logo
TELUS, the TELUS logo and telus.com are trademarks of TELUS Corporation, used under license. We would like to hear from you. If you would like to contact us, please click the “contact us” link above.

© 2026 TELUS. All rights reserved.

